Hello ho
I am Qiu Porcelain
Sorry for the inconvenience just now.
Ah yes yes yes
Oh, I see.
However, the two walls of Shen Qingyan and Jiang Road
The paper hasn't been completely eradicated by me
So it's not too high-profile.
OK, I will definitely do it ASAP.
I know the more girls the better. Hmm
See
You came back just in time. I'm short of manpower
Captain, you must help us find Shen Qingyan for revenge
More than Shen Qingyan
And Jiang Road
Hmm, according to the information passed over, it shows that
Song QiuCi is likely
There's going to be a big operation coming up.
You say
Now Song Qiuci is obviously in a hurry
His plan to turn us against each other has been dashed
Now, of course, we have to take risks.
So we need to plan.